everybody Silex here from Android
headlines and we're taking a look at the
difference between dalvik at art on the
Nexus 5 which is new at KitKat
R stands for Android runtime and dalvik
was basically just like a virtual
machine that you know process apps to
work on your phone so that way
developers can create one app in I works
on all of Android phones because we all
know there's a ton of them I've had
about what about 10 in the last month
I've reviewed so as you see the one on
the right which is the white one is on
art the new one on the left is the black
one which is on dalvik so we're going to
check out some stuff with this and first
we're going to jump into settings and
see which one is faster almost
simultaneously so our stateís which goes
looks like art was a little bit faster
now let's jump into Google+ so almost
the same art with a tiny bit faster
let's check out Twitter and it will spot
the same same speed almost let's try out
your PI GP now just about two things for
you and then yeah so it's not a huge
difference but where the differences is
battery life in the post that'll be
linked down below in the description if
you're watching this on YouTube I
actually have battery status from dalvik
and art both cycles are all on Wi-Fi and
art was a whole lot better um next we're
going to check out the camera which I'm
going to move this box into you we have
helped you take a picture of
and this is bond hdr+ for both of them
so let's go ahead and see which one is
faster almost the same but art was a
little bit faster now let's try it on
auto and see which one is faster let me
zoom out a little bit more for you
hang on just a little guy hit the
shutter button on the art so it's a tiny
bit faster um it's definitely noticeable
but I mean some apps are compatible
argot like what's happen a titanium
backup so if you use any of those I'd
probably recommend standing on dalvik
which you can turn it on do developer
settings you don't need to be rooted or
anything so we're going to take a look
at multitasking now jump back into
Google+ and art works a little bit
faster let's jump into twitter bought
the same and the camera arts faster and
let's jump back into Riptide so a little
about the same then as far as Google now
goes but the same
I mean scrolling is scrolling is about I
mean it's not a huge difference that I
can see the scrutiny is smooth on my
Nexus 5 anyways so it's not going to be
huge difference but this'll look good
dalvik versus art as far as speed goes
we've got a full written we can
companion down below for you to check
out to